- [Narrator] Before we begin coding
our sample message converter,
I would like to cover how the project will be laid out.
Specifically, we'll include both storefront JMS API
and warehouse API functionality in this one project.
Keep in mind, it's recommended to separate
functionality like this used in an enterprise setting.
The storefront warehouse API changes
will include specifically identified
sender and receiver classes for each action.
This means we'll have a sender class
associated with pushing book order requests
and a receiver specifically associated
for retrieving book order request from the message queue.
If a different type of object is required to be sent,
then we'll make sure that a different
sender and receiver class is specified.
Our object types we'll begin coding
will be a book object, which includes a bookId and a title,
a customer object,
which includes a customer ID and a full name,
and a book order object, which includes an order ID,
a book object, and a customer object.
Let's start coding our objects necessary for converting.
In the exercise files for this video,
I've included configuration code for running
a simple web app with the web config
and the app controller,
which will make it easier for you to visualize
the book order message process.
We'll start by creating a couple of plain, old java objects
or POJOs, in a new package called POJOs.
We'll right click on the package header here,
go to new, select package, type POJOs.
We'll create a book order class.
Right click again, go to new class, type book,
right click again on POJOs, click new, class,
type customer and then right-click again,
click new and type book order.
Now let's populate the book class with a bookId.
We'll type private_final string bookId
and then we'll also add a title.
Type private_final string title.
For the sake of time, that's all we'll add for now.
You might consider adding other useful properties
like author, copyright, et cetera.
Finally, however, in this class,
we need to add getters and an constructor.
So we'll right-click, select generate,
select getter,
and we need to make sure both properties are selected,
click okay then we'll add our constructor.
Right click, go to generate, constructor, click okay.
Let's switch over to the customer class
and we'll do something similar.
We'll add a customerId.
So type private_final string customerId
and then we'll combine the first name
and the last name together with a field called full name.
Type private_final string fullName.
Again, for the sake of time, that's all we'll add here
but we will create our getters.
Right click, click generate, select getter,
make sure both properties are selected, click okay.
And we'll add our constructor.
Right click, generate, constructor, click okay.
Finally, let's switch over to the book order class.
In the book order class, we'll add a book order ID.
Type private_final string bookOrderId.
Then we'll add our customer reference
and our book order reference.
Type private_final book,
private_final customer.
Again, we'll add our getters.
Right click, go to generate, select getter,
make sure all the properties are selected,
click okay and we'll add our constructor.
Right click, generate, constructor, click okay.
Everything we've done so far is important for our next step,
which is adding our JMS convertors.